[unitaryHACK] Update interface introduction (#1333)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/introduction/interfaces/tf.rst

In order to use PennyLane in combination with TensorFlow, we have to generate TensorFlow-compatible
quantum nodes. A basic ``QNode`` can be translated into a quantum node that interfaces with TensorFlow,
either by using the ``interface='tf'`` flag in the QNode decorator or QNode class constructor, or by

> calling the :meth:`QNode.to_tf() <pennylane.qnodes.JacobianQNode.to_tf>` method. Internally, the

Author: Is the reference <pennylane.qnodes.JacobianQNode.to_tf> correct? Or should it be <pennylane.qnode.QNode.to_torch> ?

Reviewer: The second one.  No such thing as a `JacobianQNode` (I think?).

Reviewer 2: Yep, `JacobianQNode` is old and has long been removed 🙂

> translation is executed by the :func:`~.interfaces.torch.to_torch` function that dynamically modifies

Reviewer: I don't think we need to mention internal details here.

As a note, the interfaces are mix-in classes that can get added onto a tape by `~.interfaces.tf.TFInterface.apply`, but even most developers are not going to be using that information.

:ref:`QNode class constructor <intro_vcirc_qnode>`:

.. code-block:: python

    dev1 = qml.device('default.qubit', wires=2)
    dev2 = qml.device('default.mixed', wires=2)

    def circuit1(phi, theta):
        qml.RX(phi[0], wires=0)
        qml.RY(phi[1], wires=1)
        qml.CNOT(wires=[0, 1])
        qml.PhaseShift(theta, wires=0)
        return qml.expval(qml.PauliZ(0)), qml.expval(qml.Hadamard(1))

    qnode1 = qml.QNode(circuit1, dev1)
    qnode2 = qml.QNode(circuit1, dev2, interface='tf')

``qnode1()`` is a default NumPy-interfacing QNode, while ``qnode2()`` is a TensorFlow-capable
QNode:

>>> qnode2(phi, theta)
<tf.Tensor: id=22, shape=(2,), dtype=float64, numpy=array([ 0.87758256,  0.68803733])>

.. _tf_interf_convert:

Construction from an existing QNode
-----------------------------------

Let's say we change our mind and now want ``qnode1()`` to interface with TensorFlow. We can easily
perform the conversion by using the :meth:`~.QNode.to_tf` method:

>>> qnode1.to_tf()
>>> qnode1
<QNode: device='default.mixed', func=circuit1, wires=2, interface=TensorFlow>

``qnode1()`` is now a TensorFlow-capable QNode, as well. Internally, the :meth:`~.QNode.to_tf`

> method uses the :func:`~.TFQNode` function to do the conversion.

Reviewer: Internally, the method uses [`~.interfaces.tf.TFInterface.apply`](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/blob/0965bb0c97c4de2dc2408751ca3a61dd47074264/pennylane/interfaces/tf.py#L225) to do the conversion.

```suggestion
method uses the :meth:`~.interfaces.tf.TFInterface.apply` function to do the conversion.
```

Check that actually works.

> method uses the :meth:`~.interfaces.tf.TFInterface.apply` function to do the conversion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
method uses the :meth:`TFInterface.apply <~.interfaces.tf.TFInterface.apply>` function to do the conversion.
```

This was rendering as simply `apply`, so maybe we should try this instead. Neither was linking up to source code, but I'm not good enough at sphinx to figure out why.  Seems like maybe the interfaces are hidden internal objects that don't show up in the documentation.

I still don't think users need this information, especially if the method doesn't even show up in the documentation, but the text should at least be something more informative  than `apply`.

Reviewer 2: Perhaps it could be moved to a call out/hidden dropdown for advanced users?
